Remove Span.Status per OTEP-134 (#918)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/trace/semantic_conventions/rpc.md

    + [Service name](#service-name)
  * [Distinction from HTTP spans](#distinction-from-http-spans)
- [gRPC](#grpc)
  * [Events](#events)

<!-- tocstop -->

## Common remote procedure call conventions

> A remote procedure calls are described by two separate spans, one on the client-side and one on the server-side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A remote procedure call is described by two separate spans, one on the client-side and one on the server-side.
```

For remote procedure calls via [gRPC][], additional conventions are described in this section.

| Attribute name |                          Notes and examples                            | Required? |
| -------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------- |
| `rpc.system`   | MUST be set to `"grpc"`       | Yes |

> | `rpc.status`  | Canonical status code of the gRPC call's response    | Yes |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `rpc.grpc.status`  | Canonical status code of the gRPC call's response    | Yes |
```
